[seal] Check for little-endian encoding for BLS scalars (#560)
MystenLabs/ts-sdks: .changeset/bitter-actors-matter.md

---
'@mysten/seal': patch
---

> Check scalar encoding in BLS to allow using newer versions of noble/curves where the encoding can vary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Force scalar encoding in BLS to big endian since newer versions >=1.9.6 of noble/curves changed the default encoding to little endian.
Encryptions created by previous versions of Seal SDK and with noble/curves versions >=1.9.6 might fail `decrypt()` if called with `checkShareConsistency=true`, and might not be decryptable by the onchain `decrypt` function.
```

---
'@mysten/seal': patch
---

Force scalar encoding in BLS to big-endian since versions >=1.9.6 of noble/curves changed the default encoding to little-endian.

> Encryptions created by previous versions of Seal SDK and with noble/curves versions >=1.9.6 might fail to `decrypt` with the default call arguments. In case you need to decrypt such ciphertexts, set  `checkShareConsistency=fallse` and `checkLENonce=true` on `DecryptOptions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Encryptions created by previous versions of Seal SDK and with noble/curves versions >=1.9.6 might fail to `decrypt` with the default call arguments. In case you need to decrypt such ciphertexts, set  `checkShareConsistency=false` and `checkLEEncoding=true` on `DecryptOptions`.
```

> To fix this, enable the `checkLENonce=true` on `DecryptOptions`. However, these encryptions may not be decryptable using the Seal SDK when called with `checkShareConsistency=true`or by the onchain `decrypt` function.

Reviewer: remove
